+++
title = "Birthday, yay"
date = 2024-12-13
[taxonomies]
categories = ["personal"]
tags = ["birthday"]
+++

Today is my birthday. Woo!

Each one is more and more bittersweet as time goes on. It's essentially a checkpoint in my life journey, and even though I've survived to this point, eventually I will succumb to the inexorable passage of time. And that's kind of a bummer.

But indeed, I have survived to this point! And there's reason to celebrate that.

I don't really have much to show for the year, beyond survival. I have taken the train to the pharmacy a few times, I go to the weed store regularly, and... that's about it. Sigh.

I suppose self-improvement goes in there? I guess that's a win. I was in therapy for most of the year, until my therapist moved away; now I'm in a hybrid group/individual [IFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internal_Family_Systems_Model) therapy program. I've also been getting regular adjustments to my mental health meds. I honestly feel better mentally than I have in awhile. Still sucks.

Also, it was late in the year, but I started doing a brief [exercise session every morning](@/post/2024121002-exercise.md), and that's feeling pretty good. Building some healthy routines.

I think my next year has a few goals:

* Hang out with friends and/or new people more often
* Become more comfortable with transit
* `redacted` <!-- surgery! -->
* `also redacted` <!-- moar kink! -->
* More self-improvement (relevant SMART goals tbd): therapy, exercise, walking, etc
* Regain control over cannabis consumption

Will the next year be better than this one? Well, *\*gestures at the world\**, probably not. For me, though? I hope so.